# MultiVPN
A little Python script to spin up multiple Docker containers that establish an own OpenVPN connection each and act as proxies. It is compatible with the [gluetun](https://hub.docker.com/r/qmcgaw/gluetun) and [openvpn-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/jonoh/openvpn-proxy) Docker images. The script is designed to be used in a Linux distribution, e.g. Ubuntu. Obviously, Docker needs to be installed.

In either way script is relying on OpenVPN to establish the VPN connection inside the container, so it's applicable for any VPN provider. However, the scripting around has a focus on NordVPN, which creates the need for some little tweaks so that it can be used with other providers as well.

While Gluetun should be the much more powerful framework that is easier to set-up (it comes with most of the common VPN configurations built-in), it lacks of frequent updates which might cause problems with certain VPN providers (including NordVPN). For that reason the very simplistic openvpn-proxy Docker image is a good alternative. However, for the latter one you need to download and provide the OpenVPN configurations on your own. You can download the whole set of config files from their [NordCDN server](https://downloads.nordcdn.com/configs/archives/servers/ovpn.zip), which is just the CDN server of NordVPN (you can see it in a whois lookup). Alternatively, you can download individual server configurations from the official [Nord Account website](https://my.nordaccount.com/) after logging in and navigating to `NordVPN`-> `Advanced Settings` -> `Set up NordVPN manually` or by using this [direct link]([Set up NordVPN manually](https://my.nordaccount.com/dashboard/nordvpn/manual-configuration/openvpn/)).

When running the script it will ask you for your OpenVPN username and passwor (which is not identical to your NordAccount credentials!). It will temporarily store those in a `.env` file, which will also be used if available. However, make sure to properly delete the file after using it to not expose your credentials.

If you have the Chromium browser installed locally, the script offers the option to open one browser for each connection established with the proxy settings already pre-configured. You can provide a URL to automatically open using a terminal argument.
